Anti-gravity just change everything that
you know about building websites. And if
you use it correctly, you can build
beautiful, stunning websites that turn
viewers into buyers with no coding
experience. I have sold websites to
clients for over $1,000. And in this
video, I'll show you how to build these
beautiful websites from scratch only
using anti-gravity and other free tools.
So, let's get started. So, first we got
to start off with the idea. For this
example, I will create a matcha website.
And we're going to start by getting an
image for matcha coffee. So to do that,
we have to go to the Google Gemini and
let's just give it a simple prompt. I
need an image of iced matcha coffee
cup.
Take away with no lid and straw.
Make it realistic.
and super tasty. So basically we want a
cup of matcha coffee super realistic and
tasty create images and let's just run
it through Gemini free. So it will give
us an example an image we can use later
to create those effects. So let's just
wait a second. It give us an image but
we want the cup
has to be in center with black
background.
Basically the cup has to be in center
with a black background. So now we got
this image. I also want to make some
changes. Remove the mint on top and make
cup larger and image vertical. So
basically remove the mint on the top,
make the cup larger and image vertical.
And so we got a perfect image. So let's
just download this image right here. I
do like it a lot. And once we downloaded
it, we have to do the next step which is
going to my school community. This is a
free community. The link is in this
video description. And now we have to
copy the end frame script. So let's just
copy this prompt for the end frame. I
have it in my free school group. And now
we're going to go to the Google whisk.
Basically Google whisk is a free Google
app where you can create and generate
different kind of photos. So in this
example, we're going to generate the
back end the back photo of the like the
end result of our coffee. So let's just
insert our primary image. It will
analyze it. And now we're going to
insert the prompt. But before we insert
it, it's just a general prompt. So we
have to go back to Google Gemini and I
just asked the Google Gemini to adapt
this prompt to my image. And basically
it adapted this prompt. So now it's only
for this coffee and not a generic
without these product names and other
things. So I just asked to adapt this
prompt to my image. Please just fill
blanks and don't generate any images. So
when you got a fill script, you're going
to go back to the Google whisk and
upload your end result. So it's going to
be the adapted as you can see eyes dirty
matcha with maximum visual impact. So
insert the subject, insert this new
script. And now let's just click on
generate. So you should have a final
photo for your coffee. Everything should
be spilled out or like some kind of
drops, ice cubes in the air. like it
should be a cool result. As you can see,
we got these images, but they look very
bad. So, let's just try one more time.
And if you don't get the results you
need, you can always adapt the script
because sometimes the whisk doesn't
recognize what do you actually want. As
you can see, it rips everything apart.
So, in that case, I'm just going to go
back to the Google Gemini. And let's
just say the prompt
rips
the whole
cup apart.
Let's just say I want the coffee to stay
the same. Just add flying ice
cubes and
just some kind of liquid shots
in the air. I hope this will understand
us now. So, we just don't want to rip
the coffee cup apart. We just want the
coffee to stay as it was. and add some
flying ice cubes for example inside the
air or some kind of liquid shots like
liquid dripping liquid dripping from the
sky. Like there is just ton of ways to
create it. So let's just try. So it got
us a completely new prompt. So let's
just copy it and go back to the Google
whisk. What we're going to do now is
remove all of the previous prompt and
insert our new prompt. So let's take a
look if it understands us better now.
I think it should be good. Just wait a
second.
And as you can see, we got a new level
of effects, but they are quite not the
same. Like I wanted something more
extraordinary. As you can see, we got a
flying ice cubes, which is nice. We got
all of these splashing liquid effects,
but we want to add one more thing. So,
what we can do is click on this photo.
And now, let's just say one simple
thing. add liquid
drops from the
sky and let's click on generate. So I
hope that we will get some kind of
liquid going inside the coffee from the
sky
and then we should be good and move to
the next part.
Okay, we got these but they are not
quite it. So let's just remove them
again. add liquid flying into the drink
and splashing.
So hopefully this will be better now.
Let's wait a second. And we got a
perfect result. That's actually exactly
what I wanted. So we have this contrast
of coffee and matcha tea pouring inside
this cup. We got these particles. So
choose the one you like. For me, they
look pretty similar. I just think this
version is a bit crispier. So, let's
just download it. So, now when you have
downloaded, you have two of these
images. What we're going to do next is
go to the Google Flow. So, Google Flow
is also a free app you can use and it
creates an amazing videos. So, inside
the Google Flow, as you can see, I have
my old project, but we're going to start
off with a new project. Now, first
things first, choose not a text to
video, but choose a frame to video. And
next thing is check if you have the
VO3.1 quality on here and not some kind
of V2 fast or V3 to or VF 3.1 fast. So
choose the quality one. And now let's
insert our frames. So this is the
starting frame. Just crop and save. And
now let's insert our end frame.
Just crop and save.
And that should be good now. So once you
have these inserted also go back to my
free school group. And now let's go down
and let's search for the Google flow. So
now let's copy the Google flow script.
And now let's paste it inside the Google
flow. So once you copy the script just
paste it
and just generate it. So this will
create a video for you which will be
used as an effect. We will convert it on
the ease GIF and we will have like 120
photo photo frames of this animation
that we will also later insert insert
into anti-gravity
and we will create a website inside
here. It's super easy and I'm also going
to show you everything step by step so
even not technical people will
understand everything correctly. And the
flow is done. And let's take a look at
the video we just have gotten. So as you
can see the opening frame. And now the
ice cubes and everything is pouring in
and splashing a total destruction like
we wanted. So if we like this video, we
just going to download it. And as you
can see, we got the options. So always
download as upscale version. So it will
take like 1 minute, but you will get the
video inside your computer. And with
that video, we're going to convert it to
the images. So let's wait a bit. So the
video is downloaded. And now the next
step is to go to ESG. So once inside
ESGF, we have all of these options. So
don't get lost. Click on video to GIF,
video to J.PG converter. And now we have
to upload our just downloaded video.
So let's just upload it and just click
this button. So now when it uploads, we
will have to choose some options. And I
will increase the frame rate for the
video. Let's wait a second.
And it's done. And here we go. So for
example, now we have to choose if we
want the start time. So if you want to
keep these opening animations, it's
fine. But I want my video to start from
2 seconds. So basically 2 seconds mark
is this. So it will instantly start with
this effect right here and it's going to
end at 8 seconds. Now the frame rates we
have to increase them. I will choose
like 30 but let's just go with 29 and
click this button convertg.
Now as you can see we got a ton of new
images with every frame in this video.
It's super cool. And let's wait a bit.
I'm done.
And we just got here. So now we're going
to download these frames as a zip
folder. Just click this button. Super
easy. And we will have just all of these
images zipped inside of it. So I just
downloaded the zip folder, the matches
zip with all of the frames. As you can
see, we got 168 in total. And once we
have these, let's just close this for
now.
And let's go back to our community.
And now we're going to copy the website
prompt. So now let's just copy it.
And now let's go back to the Google
Gemini. inside Gemini. Let's just ask
adapt this web gen prompt to my coffee
and animation.
So, let's insert this
and let's wait a bit. And the AI just
generated our prompt. So, let's just
copy all of this.
Let's scroll it as it's writing all of
this and
boom. So how now we got it. So the next
step would be to insert our matcha
folder. So let's open the folder and
let's select the matcha zip folder.
So now we got all of these frames inside
the anti-gravity.
And now we're going to give it a prompt.
So
now in this section just insert the new
code. Select the Gemini 3 Pro and select
planning. Not fast. That's it. Just
click on generate. And now we're going
to wait while the AI is generating the
website for us. And it should take like
30 to 40 or even few minutes. But that's
like super fast because usually web
development takes a lot longer. So I'm
going to be back once it's generated and
I will show you how we can actually host
it as a static file inside the netifi
completely for free. So anti-gravity
just finished our website and if we
refresh the page we can see that we got
this cup the animation is working. We
got all of the website done and it looks
super cool. Of course, the visuals are
not super crisp, but we can make sure
it's better when we add more frames. But
in general, I do think this one looks
nice. As you can see, it's not easy to
create these effects when when
programming. So, it's a good result for
this website. So, now once we have it,
how can we host it online? So, I'm just
going to give it a prompt. So let's just
say I want to host it on netifi
as static web
give me code. So basically I want to
host it on netifi static web give me
code. It will give us a new folder
called for example out and we will just
paste that folder inside the netifi drop
and it will be hosted completely for
free.
So it's done and we got a new folder
called out as you can see right here. So
now what we got to do is go on Google
and open up the netifi. So once inside
the netifi we got this out folder as you
can see right here. So what we're going
to do with it is find in folder.
So it's in matcha app. So now let's
search for it.
And we got it. So, it's the out folder.
So, when we have this out folder, let's
go back to Google. And now, let's just
drop it in here. Just like this. Super
easy.
So, it's almost done, I think.
So, we just got it live. And as you can
see, we have this section domain
management where we can add a domain. So
just click on add domain. You can buy or
just upload your own domain. And once
it's done, just go to product overview.
So let's try and open up this new link.
And as you can see, we got this cup of
coffee with the effects going inside the
background. So the whole page is
finished. And we can clearly see that it
does look nice.
So, if you want to make these kind of
effects, as you can see, it's very easy
and you can sell these websites for a
ton of money. You can create all
different kind of animations, for
example, headphones, uh, splitting into
different parts and all of the other
cool things. So, the possibilities are
insane and it's super easy to create.
So, thank you guys for watching. I hope
you like this video. Also, if you want
to learn more about vibe coding these
school of websites, I have a free
community inside this video description.